100% of my code is written by quad code.
I have not edited a single line by hand
since November. Every day I ship 10, 20,
30 p requests. So at the moment I have
like five agents running while we're
recording this.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Do you miss writing code?
>> I have never enjoyed coding as much as I
do today because I don't have to deal
with all the minutia. Productivity per
engineer has increased 200%.
>> There's always this question, should I
learn to code? In a year or two, it's
not going to matter. Coding is largely
solved. I imagine a world where everyone
is able to program. Anyone can just
build software anytime. What's the next
big shift to how software is written?
>> Quad is starting to come up with ideas.
It's looking through feedback. It's
looking at bug reports. It's looking at
telemetry for bug fixes and things to
ship a little more like a co-orker or
something like that.
>> A lot of people listening to this are
product managers and they're probably
sweating. I think by the end of the
year, everyone's going to be a product
manager and everyone codes. The title
software engineer is going to start to
go away. It's just going to be replaced
by builder and it's going to be painful
for a lot of people.
Today my guest is Boris Churnney, head
of Claude Code at Anthropic. It is hard
to describe the impact that Claude Code
has had on the world. Around the time
this episode comes out will be the
one-year anniversary of Claude Code. And
in that short time, it has completely
transformed the job of a software
engineer and it is now starting to
transform the jobs of many other
functions in tech which we talk about.
Cloud code itself is also a massive
driver of anthropic overall growth over
the past year. They just raised a round
at over $350 billion. And as Boris
mentions, the growth of Claude Code
itself is still accelerating. Just in
the past month, their daily active users
has doubled. Boris is also just a really
interesting, thoughtful, deepinking
human. And during this conversation, we
discover we were born in the same city
in Ukraine. That is so funny. I had no
idea. A huge thank you to Ben Man, Jenny
Wen, and Mike Griger for suggesting
topics for this conversation. Don't
forget to check out lennisprodpass.com
for an incredible set of deals available
exclusively to Lenny's newsletter
subscribers. Let's get into it after a
short word from our wonderful sponsors.
Today's episode is brought to you by DX,
the developer intelligence platform
designed by leading researchers. To
thrive in the AI era, organizations need
to adapt quickly. But many organization
leaders struggle to answer pressing
questions like which tools are working?
How are they being used? What's actually
driving value? DX provides the data and
insights that leaders need to navigate
this shift. With DX, companies like
Dropbox, Booking.com, Adion, and
Intercom get a deep understanding of how
AI is providing value to their
developers and what impact AI is having
on engineering productivity. To learn
more, visit DX's website at
getdx.com/lenny.
That's getdx.com/lenny.
Applications break in all kinds of ways.
Crashes, slowdowns, regressions, and the
stuff that you only see once real users
show up. Sentry catches it all. See what
happened where, and why, down to the
commit that introduced the error, the
developer who shipped it, and the exact
line of code all in one connected view.
I've definitely tried the five tabs and
Slack thread approach to debugging. This
is better. Sentry shows you how the
request moved, what ran, what slowed
down, and what users saw. Seir, Sentry's
AI debugging agent, takes it from there.
It uses all of that Sentry context to
tell you the root cause, suggest a fix,
and even opens a PR for you. It also
reviews your PR and flags any breaking
changes with fixes ready to go. Try
Sentry and SER for free at
centry.io/lenny
and use code Lenny for $100 in Sentry
credits. That's s n t r y.io/lenny.
Boris, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me on.
>> I want to start with a a spicy question.
About 6 months ago, I don't know if
people even remember this, you actually
left Anthropic. You joined Curser and
then two weeks later, you went back to
Anthropic. What happened there? I don't
think I've ever heard the actual story.
It's the fastest job change that I've
ever had.
Um, I joined Cursor because I'm a big
fan of the product and honestly I met
the team and I was just really
impressed. Uh, they're an awesome team.
Uh, I still I still think they're
awesome and they're just building really
cool stuff and kind of they they saw
where AI coding was going I think before
a lot of people did. So the idea of
building good product was just very
exciting for me. I think as soon as I
got there, what I started to realize is
what I really missed about Ant was the
mission. And that's actually what
originally drove me to Ant also cuz uh
but before I joined Anthropic, I was,
you know, I was working in big tech and
then I was at some point I wanted to
work at a at a lab to just help shape
the future of this crazy thing that that
we're building in some way. And the
thing that drew me to anthropic was the
mission. And it was, you know, it's all
about safety. And when you talk to
people at Enthropic, just like find
someone in the hallway, if you ask them
why they're here, the answer is always
going to be safety. Um, and so this kind
of like missiondrivenness just really
really resonated with me. And I just
know personally it's something I need in
order to be happy. Um, and I that's just
a thing that I really missed. And I
found that, you know, whatever the work
might be, no matter how exciting, even
if it's building a really cool product,
it's just not really a substitute for
that. Um, so for me it was actually u it
was pretty obvious that that I was
missing that pretty quick.
>> Okay. So let me follow the thread of
just coming back to anthropic and the
work you've done there. This podcast is
going to come out around the year
anniversary of launching cloud code. So
I'm going to spend a little time just
reflecting on the impact that you've
had. There's um this report that
recently came out that I'm sure you saw
by semi analysis that showed that 4% of
all GitHub commits are authored by cloud
code now. and they predicted it'll be a
fifth of all code commits on GitHub by
the end of the year. The way they put it
is while we blinked, AI consumed all
software development.
The day that we're recording this,
Spotify just put out this uh headline
that their best developers haven't
written a line of code since December
thanks to AI. More and more of the most
advanced senior engineers, including
you, are sharing the fact that you don't
write code anymore, that it's all AI
generated. and many aren't even looking
at code anymore is how far we've gotten
in large part thanks to this little
project that you started and that your
team has scaled over the past year. I'm
curious just to hear your reflections on
on this past year and the impact that
your work has had. These numbers are
just totally crazy, right? Like four 4%
of all commits in the world is just way
more than I imagined and like like you
said, it still feels like the starting
point. Um these are also just public
commits. So we actually think if you
look at private repositories, it's quite
a bit higher than that. And I I think
the craziest thing for me isn't even the
number that we're at right now, but the
pace at which we're growing because if
you look at Quad Code's growth rate kind
of across any metric, it's continuing to
accelerate. Um so it's not just going
up, it's going up faster and faster.
When I first started Quad Code, it was
just going to be a like it was just
supposed to be a little hack. Um you
know we we broadly knew at Enthropic
that we wanted to get a we wanted to
ship some kind of coding product and you
know for enthropic for a long time we
were building the models in this way
that kind of fit our mental model of the
way that we build safe hi where the
model starts by being really good at
coding then it gets really good at tool
use then it gets really good at computer
use roughly this is like the trajectory
uh and you know we've been working on
this for a long time and when you look
at the team that I started on it was
called the anthropic labs team uh and
actually Mike Kger and you know Ben man
they just kicked this team off again uh
for kind of round two the team built
some pretty cool stuff so we built quad
code we built MCP we built the desktop
app so you can kind of see the seeds of
this idea you know like it's coding then
it's tool use then it's computer use and
the reason this matters for anthropic is
uh because of safety it's kind of again
just back to that AI is getting more and
more powerful it's getting more and more
capable the thing that's happened in the
last year is that for at least For
engineers, the AI doesn't just write the
code. It it's not just a conversation
partner, but it actually uses tools. It
acts in the world. Um, and I think now
with co-work, we're starting to see the
transition for non-technical folks also.
Um, for a lot of people that use
conversational AI, this might be the
first time that they're using the thing
that actually acts. It can actually use
your Gmail, it can use your Slack, it
can do all these things for you and it's
quite good at it. Um, and it's only
going to get better from here. So I
think for anthropic for a long time
there was this feeling that we wanted to
build something but it wasn't obvious
what and so uh when I joined ant I spent
one month kind of hacking and you know
built a bunch of like weird prototypes
most of them didn't ship and you know
weren't even close to shipping it was
just kind of understanding the
boundaries of what the model can do then
I spent a month doing post- training um
so to understand kind of the research
side of it and I think honestly that's
just for me as an engineer I find that
to do good work you really have to
understand the layer under the layer at
which you work. And with traditional
engineering work, you know, if you're
working on product, you want to
understand the infrastructure, the
runtime, the virtual machine, the
language kind of whatever that is, the
system that you're building on. But, uh,
yeah, if you're like if you're working
in AI, you just really have to
understand the model to some degree to
to do good work. So, I took a little
detour to do that and then I came back
and just started prototyping what
eventually became quad code. Uh, and the
very first version of it, I I have like
a there's like a video recording of the
summer because I recorded this demo and
I posted it. It was called QuadCLI back
then. And I just kind of showed off how
it used a few tools and the shocking
thing for me was that I gave it a batch
tool and uh it just was able to use that
to write code to tell me what music I'm
listening to when I asked it like what
music am I listening to? And this is the
craziest thing, right? cuz it's like
there's no we I I didn't instruct the
model to say, you know, use, you know,
this tool for this or kind of do
whatever. The model was given this tool
and I figured out how to use it to
answer this question that I had that I
wasn't even sure if it could answer.
What music am I listening to?
And so I I I started prototyping this a
little bit more. Um I made a post about
it and I announced it internally and it
got two likes. That's the that was that
was the extent of the reaction at the
time because I think people internally
you know like when you think of coding
tools you think of like you think of IDE
you think about kind of all these pretty
sophisticated environments no one
thought that this thing could be
terminal based um that's sort of a weird
way to design it and that wasn't really
the intention but uh you know from the
start I built it in a terminal because
you know for the first couple months it
was just me so it was just the easiest
way to build uh and for me this is
actually a pretty important product
lesson right is like you want to
underresource things a little bit at the
start. Then we started thinking about
what other form factors we should build
and we actually decided to stick with
the terminal for a while and the biggest
reason was the model is improving so
quickly. We felt that there wasn't
really another form factor that could
keep up with it. And honestly this was
just me kind of like struggling with
kind of like what should we build you
know like for the last year quad code
has just been all I think about. And so
just like late at night, this is just
something I was thinking about like,
okay, the model is continuing to
improve. What do we do? How can we
possibly keep up? And the terminal was
honestly just the only idea that I had.
And uh yeah, it ended up catching on
after after I released it pretty
quickly. It became a hit at Anthropic
and you know, the the daily active users
just went vertical. And really early on,
actually before I launched it, Ben man
uh nudged me to make a DAU chart and I
was like, you know, it's like kind of
early maybe, you know, should we really
do it right now? and he was like,
"Yeah." And so the the chart just went
vertical pretty immediately. Uh and then
in February, we released it externally.
Actually, something that people don't
really remember is Quad Code was not
initially a hit when we released it. It
it got a bunch of users. There was a lot
of early adopters that got it
immediately, but it actually took many
months for everyone to really understand
what this thing is. Just again, it's
like it's just so different. And when I
think about it, kind of part of the
reason quad code works is this idea of
latent demand where we bring the tool to
where people are and it makes existing
workflows a little bit easier, but also
because it's it's in a terminal. It's
like a little surprising. It's a little
alien in this way. So you have to you
have to kind of be open-minded and you
had to learn to use it. And of course
now you know quad code is available you
know in the iOS and Android quad app.
It's available in the desktop app. It's
available on the website. It's available
as IDE extensions in Slack and GitHub.
you know all these places where
engineers are it's a little more
familiar but that wasn't the starting
point
so yeah I mean at the beginning it was
kind of a surprise that this thing was
even useful and uh you know as the team
grew as the product grew as it started
to become more and more useful to people
just people around the world from you
know small startups to the biggest fang
companies started using it and they
started giving feedback and I think just
reflecting back it's been such a
humbling experience cuz we just we keep
learning from our users and just the
most exciting thing is like you know
none of us really know what we're doing.
Um and we're just trying to figure out
along with everyone else and the single
best signal for that is just feedback
from users. Um so that's just been the
best I' I've been surprised so many
times. It's incredible how fast
something can change in today's world.
You launched this a year ago and it
wasn't the first time people could use
AI to code but uh in a year the entire
profession of software engineering has
dramatically changed like there's all
these predictions oh AI is going to be
written 100% AI's code is going to be
written by AI everyone's like no that's
crazy what are you talking about now
it's like
>> of course it's happening exactly as they
said it's just so things move so fast
and change so fast now
>> yeah it's really fast back at uh back at
code with quad back in May that was like
our first uh you know like developer
conference that we did as Enthropic. Um
I did a short talk and in the Q&A after
the talk people were asking what are
your predictions for the end of the year
and my prediction back in May of 2025
was by the end of the year you might not
need an ID to code anymore and we're
going to start to see engineers not
doing this and I remember the room like
audibly gasped. It was such a crazy
prediction but I think like at anthropic
like this is just the way the way we
think about things is exponentials and
this is like very deep in the DNA. Like
if you look at our co-founders like
three of them were the first three
authors on the scaling laws paper. Um so
we really just think in exponentials and
if you kind of look at the exponential
of the percent of code that was written
by quad at that point if you just trace
the line it's pretty obvious we're going
to cross 100% by the end of the year
even if it just does not match intuition
at all. Um, and so all I did was trace
the line and yeah, in November that, you
know, that happened for me personally
and that's been the case since and we're
starting to see that for a lot of
different customers too. I thought was
really interesting what you just shared
there about kind of the journey is this
kind of idea of just playing around and
seeing what happens. This came up comes
up with open claw a lot just like Peter
was playing around and just like a thing
happen. And it feels like that's a
central kind of ingredient to a lot of
the biggest innovations in AI is people
just sitting around trying stuff to
pushing the models further than most
other people.
>> I mean this the thing about innovation
right like you can't uh you can't force
it. There's no road map for innovation.
Um you just have to give people space.
You have to give them maybe the word is
like safety. So it's like psychological
safety that it's okay to fail. It's okay
if 80% of the ideas are bad. Um you also
have to hold them accountable a bit. So
if the idea is bad, you you know you cut
your losses, move on to the next idea
instead of investing more. Uh in the
early days of quad code, I had no idea
that this thing would be useful at all.
Cuz even in February when we released
it, it was writing maybe I don't know
like 20% of my code, not more. And even
in May, it was writing maybe 30%. I was
still using you know curtzer for most of
my code. And it only crossed 100% in
November. So it took a while. But even
from the earliest day, it just felt like
I was on to something. And I was just
spending like every night, every weekend
hockey on this. And luckily my, you
know, my wife was very supportive. Um,
but it it just felt like it was on to
something. It wasn't obvious what. And
and sometimes, you know, you find a
thread, you just have to pull on it.
>> So at this point, 100% of your code is
written by cloud code. Is that is that
kind of the current state of your
coding?
>> Yeah. So 100% of my code is written by
cloud code. Um, I am a fairly prolific
coder. Um, and this has been the case
even when I worked back at Instagram. I
was like one of the top few most
productive engineers. Um and that's
actually that's still the case uh here
at Anthropic.
>> Wow. Even as head of head of the team.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Do still do a lot of coding.
Um and so every you know every day I
ship like 10 20 30 p requests something
like that
>> every day.
>> Every day. Yeah.
>> Good god.
>> Uh 100% written by quad code. I have not
edited a single line by hand since uh
November.
And yeah, that that's been it. I do look
at the code. So I I don't think we're
kind of at the point yet where you can
be totally hands-off, especially when
there's a lot of people, you know, like
running the program. You have to make
sure that it's correct. You have to make
sure it's safe and so on. Um, and then
we also have Quad doing automatic code
review for everything. Um, so here at
Enthropic, Quad reviews 100% of poll
requests. Um, there's still layer of
like human review after it, but you kind
of like you still do want some of these
checkpoints like you still want a human
looking at the code. um unless it's like
pure prototype code that you know it's
not going to run it's not going to run
anywhere it's just a prototype.
>> What's kind of the next frontier? So at
this point 100% of your code is being
written by AI. This is clearly where
everyone is going in software
engineering. That felt like a crazy
milestone. Now it's just like of course
this is the world now. What's what's
kind of the next big shift to how
software is written that either your
team's already operating in or you think
will head towards? I think something
that's happening right now is Quad is
starting to come up with ideas. Um so
Quad is looking through feedback. It's
uh looking at bug reports. It's looking
at um you know like telemetry and and
things like this and it's starting to
come up with ideas for bug fixes and
things to ship. So it's just starting to
get a little more um you know like a
little more like a co-orker or something
like that. I think the second thing is
we're starting to branch out of coding a
little bit. So I think at this point
it's safe to say that coding is largely
solved. At least for the kind of
programming that I do, it's just a
solved problem because quad can do it.
And so now we're starting to think about
okay like what's next? What's beyond
this? There's a lot of things that are
kind of adjacent to coding. Um and I
think this is going to be coming. But
also just you know general tasks, you
know, like I use co-work every day now
to do all sorts of things that are just
not related to coding at all and just to
do it automatically. Like for example, I
had to pay a parking ticket the other
day. I just had co-work do it. um all of
my project management for the team uh
co-work does all of it. It's like
syncing stuff between spreadsheets and
messaging people on Slack and email and
all this kind of stuff. So I think the
frontier is something like this and I I
don't think it's coding because I think
coding is you know it's pretty much
solved and over the next few months I
think what we're going to see is just
across the industry it's going to become
increasingly solved you know for every
kind of codebase every tech stack that
people work on.
>> This idea of helping you come up with
what to work on is so interesting. A lot
of people listening to this are product
managers and they're probably sweating.
How do you use Claude for this? Do you
just talk to it? Is there anything
clever you've come up with to help you
use it to come up with what to build?
>> Honestly, the simplest thing is like
open quad code or co-work and point it
at a Slack thread. Um, you know, like
for us, we have this channel that that's
all the internal feedback about Quad
Code. Since we first released it, even
in like 2024 internally, it's just been
this fire hose of feedback. Um, and it's
the best. And like in the early days,
what I would do is anytime that someone
sends feedback, I would just go in and I
would fix every single thing as fast as
I possibly could. So like within a
minute, within 5 minutes or whatever.
And this just really fast feedback
cycle, it encourages people to give more
and more feedback. It's just so
important cuz it makes them feel heard
cuz you know like usually when you use a
product, you give feedback, it just goes
into a black hole somewhere and then you
don't give feedback again. So if you
make people feel heard, then they want
to contribute and they want to help make
the thing better. Um, and so now I kind
of do the same thing, but Quad honestly
does a lot of the work. So I pointed at
the channel and it's like, "Okay, here's
a few things that I can do. I just put
up a couple PRs. Want to take a look at
that one?" I'm like, "Yeah." Have you
noticed that it is getting much better
at this? Because this is kind of the
holy grail, right? Now it's like, "Cool,
building solved." Code review became
kind of the next bottleneck. All these
PRs, who's going to review them all? The
next big open question is just like,
okay, now we need to now now humans are
necessary for figuring out what to
build, what to prioritize. And you're
saying that that's where claude code is
starting to help you. Has it has it
gotten a lot better with like say Opus
46 or what's been the trajectory there?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it's improved a lot. Um I
think some of it is kind of like
training that we do specific to coding.
Um so you know obviously you know best
coding model in the world and you know
it's getting better and better like 4.6
is just incredible but also actually a
lot of the training that we do outside
of coding translates pretty well too. So
there is this kind of like transfer
where you teach the model to do you know
X and it kind of gets better at Y. Um
yeah and the the gains have just been
insane like at anthropic over the last
year like since we introduced quad code
we probably I don't know the exact
number we probably like 4x the
engineering team or something like this
but productivity per engineer has
increased 200%.
in terms of like pull requests and like
this number is just crazy for anyone
that actually works in the space and
works on deaf productivity because back
in a previous life I was at Meta and you
know one of my responsibilities was code
quality for the company. So this is like
the all of our code bases that was my
responsibility like Facebook, Instagram,
WhatsApp all this stuff. Um and a lot of
that was about productivity because if
you make the code higher quality then
engineers are more productive and things
that we saw is you know in a year with
hundreds of engineers working on it you
would see a gain of like a few
percentage points of productivity
something like this. Um and so nowadays
seeing these gains of just hundreds of
percentage points it's is just
absolutely insane. What's also insane is
just how normalized this has all been
like we hear these numbers like of
course AI is doing this to us. It's just
it's so unprecedented the amount of
change that is happening to software
development to building products to just
this the world of tech. It's just like
so easy to get used to it. But it's
important to recognize this is crazy.
This is something like I have to remind
myself once in a while. There's sort of
like a downside of this because the
model changes so well there's actually
like there's many kind of downsides that
that we could talk about but I think one
of them on a personal level is the model
changes so often that I sometimes get
stuck in this like old way of of
thinking about it and I even find that
like new people on the team or even new
grads that join do stuff in a more kind
of like AGI forward way than I do. So
like sometimes for example I I I had
this case like a couple months ago where
there was a memory leak and so like what
this is is you know like quad code the
memory usage is going up and at some
point it crashes. This is like a very
common kind of engineering problem that
you know every engineer has debugged a
thousand times and traditionally the way
that you do it is you take a heap
snapshot you put it into a special
debugger you kind of figure out what's
going on you know use these special
tools to see what's happening. Um, and I
was doing this and I was kind of like
looking through these traces and trying
to figure out what was going on. And the
engineer that was newer on the team just
uh had Quad Code do it and was like,
"Hey Quad, it seems like there's a leak.
Can you figure it out?" And so like Quad
Code did exactly the same thing that I
was doing. It it took the heap snapshot.
It wrote a little tool for itself so it
can kind of like analyze it itself. Um,
it was sort of like a just in time
program. Uh, and it found the issue and
put up a pull request faster than I
could. So it's it's something where like
for those of us that have been using the
model for a long time, you still have to
kind of transport yourself to the
current moment and not get stuck back in
an old model because it's not sonnet 3.5
anymore. The new models are just
completely completely different. Uh and
just this this mindset shift is is very
different. I hear you have these very
specific principles that you've codified
for your team that when people join you
you kind of walk them through them. I
believe one of them is what's better
than doing something having Claude do
it. And it feels like that's exactly
what you describe with this memory leak
is just like you almost forgot that
principle of like okay let me see if
Claude can solve this for me. There's
this uh there's this interesting thing
that happens also when you um when you
underfund everything a little bit uh
because then people are kind of forced
to clify and this is something that we
see. So you know for work where
sometimes we just put like one engineer
on a project and the way that they're
able to ship really quickly because they
want to ship quickly. This is like an
intrinsic motivation that comes from
within is just wanting to do a good job.
One if you have a good idea you just
really want to get it out there. No one
has to force you to do that. That comes
from you. Um and and so if you have
claude, you can just use that to
automate a lot of work. Uh and that
that's kind of what we see over and
over. So I think that's kind of like one
principle is underfunding things a
little bit. I think another principle is
just encouraging people to go faster. So
if you can do something today, you
should just do it today. And this is
something we we really really encourage
on the team. Early on it was really
important because it was just me and so
our only advantage was speed.
that's the only way that we could ship a
product that would compete in this very
crowded coding market. But nowadays,
it's still very much a principle we have
on the team. And if you want to go
faster, a really good way to do that is
to just have Claude do more stuff. Um,
so he it just very much encourages that.
This idea of underfunding, it's so
interesting because in general there's
this feeling like AI is going to allow
you to not have as many employees, not
have as many engineers. And so it's not
only you can be more productive. What
you're saying is that you will actually
do better if you underfund. It's not
just that AI can make you faster. It's
you will get more out of the AI tooling
if you have fewer people working on
something. Yeah. If you if you hire
great engineers, they'll figure out how
to do it. And uh especially if you
empower them to do it. This is something
I actually talk talk a lot about with uh
you know with like CTO's and kind of all
sorts of companies. My advice generally
is don't try to optimize. Don't don't
try to cost cut at the beginning. Start
by just giving engineers as many tokens
as possible. And now now you're starting
to see companies like you know at
Anthropic we have you know everyone can
use a lot of tokens. We're starting to
see this come up as like a perk at some
companies. Like if you join you get
unlimited tokens. This is a thing I very
much encourage because um it makes
people free to try these ideas that
would have been too crazy and then if
there's an idea that works then you can
figure out how to scale it and that's
the point to kind of optimize and to
cost cut figure out like you know maybe
you can do it with haiku or with sonnet
instead of opus or whatever but at the
beginning you just want to throw a lot
of tokens at it and see if the idea
works and give engineers the freedom to
do that. So the advice here is uh just
be be loose with your tokens with this
the cost on on using these models.
People hearing this may be like of
course he works at Anthropic. He wants
us to use as many tokens as possible.
But you're what you're saying here is
the the most interesting innovative
ideas will come out of someone just kind
of taking it to the max and seeing
what's possible.
>> Yeah. And I and I think the reality is
like at small scale like you know you're
not going to get like a giant bill or
anything like this. Like if it's an
individual engineer experimenting, it's
the token cost is still probably
relatively low relative to their salary
or you know other costs of running the
business. So it it's actually like not
not a huge cost as the thing scales up.
So like let's say you know they build
something awesome and then it takes a
huge amount of tokens and then the cost
becomes pretty big. That's the point at
which you want to optimize it. But don't
don't do that too early.
>> Have you seen companies where their uh
token cost is higher than their salary?
Is that a trend you think we're going to
find and see?
>> You know, at Anthropic, we're starting
to see some engineers that are spending,
you know, like hundreds of thousands a
month in in tokens. Um, so we're
starting to see this a little bit. Um,
there's some companies that are we're
starting to see similar things. Yeah.
>> Going back to coding, do you miss
writing code? Is this something you're
kind of sad about that this is no longer
a thing you will do as a software
engineer? It's funny for me, you know,
like when when I learned engineering,
for me it was very practical. I learned
engineering so I could build stuff
and for me I was I was selftaught, you
know, like I studied economics in
school, but um I didn't study CS, but I
I taught myself engineering kind of
early on. I was programming in like
middle school and from the very
beginning it was very practical. So I
actually like I learned to code so that
I can cheat on a math test. That was
like the first thing we had these like
graphing calculators and you know I just
programmed the answer into
>> TI83.
>> T83 plus. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
>> Plus. Yeah. So like I programmed the
answers in and then the next like math
test whatever like the next year that it
was just like too hard. Like I couldn't
program all the answers in because I
didn't know what the questions were. And
so I had to write like a little solver
so that it it was a program that would
just like solve these like uh you know
these al algebra questions or whatever.
And then I figured out you can get a
little cable, you can give the program
to the rest of the class and then the
whole class gets A's. But then we all
got caught and the teacher told us to
knock it off. But from the very
beginning it's it's always just been
very practical for me where programming
is a way to build a thing. It's not the
end in itself.
At some point I personally fell into the
rabbit hole of kind of like the the
beauty of of programming. Um so like I I
wrote a book about TypeScript. Um, I
started the actually at the time it was
the world's biggest uh, TypeScript
meetup just because I fell in love with
the language itself. Uh, and I kind of
got in deep into like functional
programming and and all this stuff. I
think a lot of coders they get
distracted by this. For me, it was
always sort of um they there is a beauty
to programming and especially to
functional programming. There's a beauty
to type systems. Um, there there's a
certain kind of like this like buzz that
you get like when you solve like a
really a really complicated uh math
problem. It's kind of similar when you
kind of balance the types or you know
the program is just like really
beautiful but it's really not the end of
it. Um I think for me coding is very
much a tool and it's a way to do things.
Uh that said not everyone feels this
way. So for example you know like
there's one engineer uh on the team Lena
who you know was still writing C++ on
the weekends by hand because you know
for her she just really enjoys writing
C++ by hand. And so everyone is
different and I think even as this field
changes, even as everything changes,
there's always space to do this, there's
always space to enjoy the art um and to
and and to kind of do do things by hand
uh if you want.
>> Do you worry about your skills atrophing
as an engineer? Is that something you
worry about or is it just like, you
know, this is just the way it's going to
go?
>> I think it's just the way that that it
happens. I I don't worry about it too
much personally. I think for me like
programming is on is on a continuum and
you know like way back in the day you
know like software actually is like
relatively new right like if you look at
the way programs are written today like
using software that's running on a
virtual machine or something this has
been the way that we've been writing
programs since probably the 1960s so you
know it's been you know like 60 years or
something like that. Before that it was
punch cards. Before that it was
switches. Before that it was hardware.
And before that it was just you know
like literally pen and paper. It was
like a room a room full of people that
were doing math on on paper. And so, you
know, programming has always changed in
this way. In some ways, you still want
to understand the layer under the layer
because it helps you be a better
engineer. And I think this will be the
case maybe for the next year or so. Um,
but I think pretty soon it just won't
really matter. It's just going to be
kind of like the the assembly code wring
running under the programmer or
something like this.
uh at an emotional level, you know, I I
feel like I've always had to learn new
things. And as a programmer, it's
actually not it doesn't feel that new
because there's always new frameworks,
there's always new languages. It's just
something that we're quite comfortable
with in the field. But at the same time,
I you know, this isn't true for
everyone. And I think for some people,
they're going to feel a greater sense
of, I don't know, maybe like loss or
nostalgia or atrophy or something like
this. I don't know if you saw this, but
Elon was saying that uh why isn't the AI
just writing binary straight to binary?
Uh because what's the point of all this,
you know, programming abstraction in the
end?
>> Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, it
totally can do that if you wanted to.
>> Oh, man. So, what I'm hearing here is in
terms there's always this question,
should I learn to code? Should people in
school learn to code? Uh what I heard
from you is your take is in like a year
or two, you don't really need to. My
take is I think for for people that are
using um there that are using quad code
that are using agents to code today you
still have to understand the layer under
but yeah in a year or two it's not going
to matter. I I was thinking about um
what is the right like historical analog
for this cuz like like somehow we have
to situate this thing in history and and
kind of figure out when have we gone
through similar transitions. What's the
right kind of mental model for this? I
think the thing that's come closest for
me is the printing press. And so you
know if you look at Europe in uh you
know like in the in the mid the mid400s
literacy was actually very low. Uh there
was sub 1% of the population it was
scribes that uh you know they were the
ones that did all the writing. They they
were the ones that did all the reading.
They were employed by like lords and
kings that often were not literate
themselves. And so you know it was their
job of this very tiny percent of the
population to do this. And at some point
the you know Gutenberg and and the
printing press came along and there was
this crazy stat that in the 50 years
after the printing press was uh built
there was more printed material created
than in the c in the in the thousand
years before
and so the the volume of printed
material just went way up. Uh the cost
went way down. It went down something
like 100x over the next 50 years. And if
you look at literacy, you know, it
actually took a while because learning
to read and write is, you know, it's
quite hard. It takes an education
system. It takes free time. You it takes
like not having to work on a farm all
day so that you actually have time for
education and things like this. But over
the next 200 years, it went up to like
70% globally. So I think this is the
kind of thing that we might see is a
similar kind of transition. And there
was uh there was actually this
interesting um historical document where
there was an interview with some like
scribe in the 1400s about like how do
you feel about the printing press? And
they were actually very excited because
they were like actually the thing that I
don't like doing is copying between
books. The thing that I do like doing is
drawing the art in books and then doing
the book binding. And I'm really glad
that now my time is freed up. And it's
interesting like as an engineer I sort
of felt like a peril with this. It's
like this is sort of how I feel where I
don't have to do the tedious work
anymore of coding because this has
always been sort of the detail of it.
It's always been the tedious part of it
and kind of like messing with like git
and kind of using all these different
tools. That that was not the fun part.
The fun part is figuring out what to
build and coming up with this. It's uh
it's talking to users. It's thinking
about these big systems. It's thinking
about the future. It's collaborating
with you know other people on the team.
And that's what I get to do more of now.
And what's amazing is that the tool
you're building allows anybody to do
this. People that have no technical
experience can do exactly what you're
describing. Like I'm I've been doing a
bunch of random little projects and any
it's just like anytime you get stuck
just like help me figure this out and
you get on block. Like I used to I was
an engineer for early in my career for
10 years and I just remember spending so
much time on like libraries and
dependencies and things and just like oh
my god what do I do and then looking on
stack overflow and now it's just like
help me figure this out and here's step
by step one two three four okay we got
this.
>> Yeah exactly exactly I was talking to an
engineer earlier today they're like
they're writing some service and go and
you know it's been like a month already
and they they built up the service like
it's working quite well and then I was
like okay so like how do you feel
writing it? He was like, you know, like
I I still don't really know Go, but
and I think we're going to start to see
more and more of this. It's like if you
know that it works correctly and
efficiently, then you you don't actually
have to know all the details. Clearly,
the life of a software engineer has
changed dramatically. It's like a whole
new job now as of the past year or two.
What do you think is the next role that
will be most impacted by AI within
either within tech like you know product
managers, designers or even outside tech
just like what do you think where do you
think AI is going next?
>> I think it's going to be a lot of the
roles that are adjacent to engineering.
Um so yeah it could be like product
managers, it could be design, could be
data science. It is going to expand to
pretty much any kind of work that you
can do on a computer because the model
is just going to get better and better
at this. Um, and you know, like this is
the co-work product is kind of the first
way to get at this, but it's just the
first one. And
it's the thing that I think brings AI to
a agentic AI to people that haven't
really used it before, and people are
starting just to to to get a sense of it
for the first time. When I think back to
engineering a year ago, no one really
knew what an agent was. No one really
used it. But nowadays, it's just the way
that, you know, we do we do our work.
And then when I look at non-technical
work today um so you know like or maybe
semi-technical like product work and you
know like data science and things like
this when you look at the kinds of AI
that people are using it's all it's
always these like conversational AI it's
like a chatbot or whatever but no one
really has used an agent before and this
word agent just gets thrown around all
the time and it's just like so misused
it's like lost all meaning but agent
actually has like a very specific
technical meaning which is it's a it's a
AI it's a LM that's able to use tools.
So it doesn't just talk, it can actually
act and it can interact with your system
and you know this means like it can use
your Google docs and it can it can send
email. It can run commands on your
computer and do all this kind of stuff.
So I think like any kind of job where
you do you use computer tools in this
way. I think this is going to be next.
This is something we have to kind of
figure out as a as a society. This is
something we have to figure out as an
industry. Um and I think for me also
this is one of the reasons it it feels
very important and urgent to do this
work at anthropic because I think we
take this very very seriously. Um and so
now you know we have economists we have
uh policy folks we have social impact
folks this is something we just want to
talk about a lot so as society we can
kind of figure out what to do because it
shouldn't be up to us.
>> So the big question which you're kind of
alluding to is jobs and job loss and
things like that. There's this concept
of Jevans paradox of just as we can do
more we hire more and it's not actually
as scary as it looks. What have you
experienced so far I guess with AI
becoming a big part of the engineering
job? Just are you hiring more than if
you didn't have AI and just thoughts on
jobs?
>> Yeah, I mean for our team we're we're
hiring. Um so quadco team is hiring. Um
if you're interested just check out the
jobs page on on anthropic. Personally,
it's, you know, all this stuff has just
made me enjoy my work more. I have never
enjoyed coding as much as I do today
because I don't have to deal with all
the minutia. So, for me personally, it's
been quite exciting. This is something
that we hear from a lot of customers
where they love the tool, they love Quad
Code because it just makes coding
delightful again. Uh, and that's just
that's just so fun for them. But it's
hard to know where this thing is going
to go. And I again I just like I have to
reach for these historical analoges. Uh
and I I think the printing press is just
such a good one because what happened is
this technology that was locked away to
a small set of people like knowing how
to read and write became accessible to
everyone. It was just inherently
democratizing. Everyone started to be
able to do this. And if that wasn't the
case then something like the Renaissance
just could never have happened because a
lot of the Renaissance it was about like
knowledge spreading. It was about like
written records that people used to
communicate. Um, you know, cuz there
were no phones or anything like this.
There was there was no internet at the
time. So, it's about like what does this
enable next? And I think that's the very
optimistic version of it for me. And
that's the part that I'm really excited
about. It's just unimaginable, you know,
like we couldn't be talking today if the
printing press hadn't been invented.
Like our microphones wouldn't exist.
None of the things around us would
exist. it just wouldn't be possible to
coordinate such a large group of people
if that wasn't the case. And so I
imagine a world, you know, a few years
in the future where everyone is able to
program. And what does that unlock?
Anyone can just build software anytime.
And I have no idea. It's just the same
way that, you know, in the 1400s, no one
could have predicted this. Um, I think
it's the same way. But I do think in the
meantime, it's going to be very
disruptive and it's going to be painful
for a lot of people. Um, and again, as a
society, this is a conversation that we
have to have and this is a thing that we
have to figure out together.
>> So, for folks hearing this that want to
succeed and, you know, make it in this
crazy turmoil we're entering, any
advice? Is it, you know, play with AI
tools, get really proficient at the
latest stuff? Is there anything else
that you recommend to help people uh
stay ahead? Yeah, I think that's pretty
much it. Uh, experiment with the tools,
get to know them, don't be scared of
them. um just you know dive in try them
be on the bleeding edge beyond the
frontier. Maybe the second piece of
advice is try to be a generalist more
than you have in the past. For example,
in school a lot of people that study CS
they learn to code and they don't really
learn much else. Maybe they learn a
little bit of systems architecture or
something like this. But some of the
most effective engineers that I work
with every day and some of the most
effective, you know, like product
managers and so on, they cross over
disciplines. So on the quad code team,
everyone codes. You know, our product
manager codes, our engineering manager
codes, our designer codes, our finance
guy codes, our data scientist codes.
Like everyone on the team codes. And and
then if I look at particular engineers,
people often cross different
disciplines. So some of the strongest
engineers are hybrid product and
infrastructure engineers or product
engineers with really great design sense
and they're able to do design also or an
engineer that has a really good sense of
the business and can use that to figure
out what to do next. or an engineer that
also loves talking to users and can just
really channel what what users want to
figure out what's next. So I think a lot
of the people that will be rewarded the
most over the next few years, they won't
just be AI native and they don't just
know how to use these tools really well,
but also they're curious and they're
generalists and they cross over multiple
disciplines and can think about the
broader problem they're solving rather
than just the engineering part of it. Do
you find these three separate
disciplines still useful as a way to
think about the team? They're, you know,
engineering, design, uh, product
management. Do you find like those, even
though they are now coding and
contributing to thinking about what to
build, do you feel like those are three
roles that will persist long term, at
least at this point? I think in the
short term it'll persist, but one thing
that we're starting to see is there's
maybe a 50% overlap in these roles where
a lot of people are actually just doing
the same thing and some people have
specialties. for example, I code a
little bit more versus cat RPM does a
little bit more, you know, coordination
or planning or, you know, forecasting or
things like this.
>> Stakeholder alignment.
>> Stakeholder alignment. Exactly. I I do
think that there's a future where I
think by the end of the year what we're
going to start to see is these start to
get even murkier murkier where I think
in some places the title software
engineer is going to start to go away
and it's just going to be replaced by
builder or maybe it's just everyone's
going to be a product manager and
everyone codes or something like this.
Who says hiring has to be fair? Every
founder and hiring manager I've been
speaking with these days is feeling the
same pressure. Hire the best people as
fast as possible. But recruiting is time
consuming, alignment is hard, and
competition for great talent keeps
getting tighter. That's why teams like
11 Labs, Brex, Replet, Deal, and 5,000
other organizations use MetaView, the AI
company giving high performance teams a
real unfair advantage in hiring. They
give you a suite of AI agents that
behave like recruiting co-workers. They
find candidates for you based on your
exact criteria, take interview notes
automatically, gather insights across
your hiring process, and help you
identify the best candidates in your
pipeline. AI handles the recruiting toil
and gives you a real source of truth.
That means hours saved per hire and a
team focused on what matters most,
winning the right candidates. Don't let
your competitors outhire you. Metav
customers close roles 30% faster. Try
Metaview today for free and get an extra
month of sourcing at metaview.ai/lenny.
That's me.
Lenny. You talked about how you're
enjoying coding more. I actually did
this little informal survey on Twitter.
I don't know if you saw this where I
just asked I did three different polls.
I asked engineers, are you enjoying your
job more or less since adopting AI
tools? And then I did a separate one for
PMs and one for designers. And both
engineers and PMs, 70% of people said
they are enjoying their job more and
about 10% said they're enjoying their
job less. Designers, interestingly, only
55% said they are enjoying their job
more and 20% said they're enjoying their
job less. Thought that was really
interesting.
>> That's super interesting. I' I'd love to
talk to these people uh you know, both
in the more bucket and the less bucket
just to understand. Do did you get to
follow up with any of them? They a few
people replied and we're actually doing
a follow poll that we'll link to in the
show notes of going deeper into some of
the stuff, but a lot of there's like,
you know, the factors that make it more
fun and less fun. The designers, they
didn't share a lot actually of just like
the people that are actually asked just
like why are you enjoying your job less?
And I didn't hear a lot. So, I'm curious
what's going on there.
>> Yeah, I I'm seeing this a little bit
with uh at anthropic. I think everyone
is fairly technical.
This is something that we screen for,
you know, when when people join. We have
there there's a lot of technical
interviews that people go go through
even for non-technical functions.
Uh and you know our designers largely
code. So I think for them this is
something that they have enjoyed from
what I've seen because now instead of
bugging engineers they can just like go
in and code. And even some designers
that didn't code before have just
started to do it and for them it's great
cuz they can unblock themselves. But I'd
be really interested just to hear more
people's experiences cuz I I I bet it's
not uniform like that.
>> Yeah. So maybe if you're listening to
this, leave a comment if you're finding
your jobs less fun and enjoying your job
less cuz what you're saying and what I'm
hearing from most people, 70% of PMs and
engineers are loving their job more.
That's like if you're not in that
bucket, you could something's going on.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We do see that people use
also different tools. So for example,
our designers, they use uh the cloud
desktop app a lot more to to do their
coding. So you just download the desktop
app. There's a code tab. Uh it's right
next to co-work and it's actually the
same exact quad code. So it's like the
same agent and everything. We've had
this for, you know, for many, many
months. Uh and so you can use this to
code in a way that you don't have to
open a bunch of terminals, but you still
get the power of quad code. And the
biggest thing is you can just run as
many, you know, quad sessions in
parallel as you want. We, you know, we
call this multi-quading.
>> So this is a it's it's a little more
native, I think, for folks that are not
engineers. And really, this is back to
bringing the product to where the people
are. You don't want to make people use a
different workflow. You don't want to
make them go out of their way to learn a
new thing. It's whatever people are
doing, if you can make that a little bit
easier, then that's just going to be a
much better product that people enjoy
more. And this is just this principle of
latent demand, which I I think is just
the the single most important principle
in product.
>> Can you talk about that actually because
I was going to go there. Explain what
this principle is and and and just what
happens when you unlock this latent
demand. Latent demand is this idea that
if you build a product in a way that can
be hacked or can be kind of mi misused
by people in a way it wasn't really
designed for to do kind of something
that they want to do then this helps you
as the product builder learn where to
take the product next. So an example of
this is uh Facebook marketplace. So the
the manager for the team Fiona she she
was actually the founding manager for uh
the marketplace team and she talks about
this a lot.
Facebook Marketplace. It started based
on the observation back in uh this must
have been like 20 2016 or or something
like this that 40% of posts in Facebook
groups are buying and selling stuff. So
this is crazy. It's like people are
abusing the Facebook groups product to
buy and sell. And it's not it's not
abuse in kind of like a security sense.
It's abuse in that no one designed the
product for this, but they're kind of
figuring it out because it's just so
useful for this. And so it was pretty
obvious if you build a better product to
let people buy and sell, they're going
to like it. And it was just very obvious
that marketplace would be a hit from
this. And so the first thing was buy and
sell groups. So kind of special purpose
groups to let people do that. And the
second product was marketplace.
Uh Facebook dating I think started in a
pretty similar place. And I think that
the observation was if you look at
people looking if you look at uh profile
views so people looking at each other's
profiles on Facebook 60% of profile
views were people that are not friends
with each other that are opposite
gender. And so this is this kind of like
you know like traditional kind of dating
setup but you know people are just like
creeping on each other. So maybe if you
can build a product for this it's you
know it might work. Um and so this idea
of latent demand I think is just so
powerful. And for example this is also
where co-work came from. We saw that for
the last 6 months or so a lot of people
using quad code were not using it to
code. There was someone on Twitter that
was using it to grow tomato plants.
There was someone else using it to
analyze their genome. Someone was using
it to uh recover photos from a corrupted
hard drive. It was like uh wedding
photos. Uh there was someone that was
using it for uh I think like uh they
they were using it to analyze a MRI. So
there there's just all these different
use cases that are not technical at all.
And it was just really obvious like
people are jumping through hoops to use
a terminal to do this thing. Maybe we
should just build a product for them.
And we saw this actually pretty early
back in maybe May of last year. I
remember walking into the office and our
data scientist Brendan was had a quad
code on his uh computer. He just had a
terminal up and I was like I was
shocked. I was like Brendan what what
are you doing? Like you you figured out
how to open the terminal which is you
know it's a very engineering product.
Even a lot of engineers don't want to
use a terminal. It's just like a it's
like just like the lowest level way to
to do your work. Um just really really
uh kind of in the weeds of the computer.
And so he figured out how to use the
terminal. He downloaded Node.js. He
downloaded quad code and he was doing
SQL analysis in a terminal and it was
crazy. And then the next week all the
data scientists were doing the same
thing. So when you see people abusing
the product in this way, using it in a
way that it wasn't designed in order to
do something that is useful for them,
it's just such a strong indicator that
you should just build a product and and
people are going to like that. It's
something that's special purpose for
that. I think now there there's also
this kind of interesting second
dimension to latent demand. This is sort
of the traditional framing is look at
what people are doing, make that a
little bit easier, empower them. The
modern framing that I've been seeing in
the last 6 months is a little bit
different and it's look at what the
model is trying to do and make that a
little bit easier.
And so when we first started building
quad code, I think a lot of the way that
people approached designing things with
LLMs is they kind of put the model in a
box and they were like, here's this
application that I want to build. Here's
the thing that I wanted to do. model,
you're going to do this one component of
it. Here's the way that you're going to
interact with these tools and APIs and
whatever. And for cloud code, we
inverted that. We said the product is
the model. We want to expose it. We want
to put the minimal scaffolding around
it. Give it the minimal set of tools.
So, it can do the things. It can decide
which tools to run. It can decide in
what order to run them in and so on. And
I I think a lot of this was just based
on kind of latent demand of what the
model wanted to do. And so, in research,
we call this being on distribution. Uh
you want to see like what the model is
trying to do. In product terms, latent
demand is just the same exact concept
but applied to a model.
>> You talked about co-work something that
I saw you talk about when you launched
that initially is you your team built
that in 10 days.
>> That's insane. Uh I it came out I think
it was like you know used by millions of
people pretty quickly something like
that being built in 10 days. Uh anything
there any stories there other than just
it was just you know we use cloud code
to build it and that's it.
>> Yeah it's funny. Uh cloud code like I
said when we released it was not
immediately a hit. it became a hit over
time and there was a few inflection
points. So one was you know like Opus 4
uh it just really really inflected and
then in November it inflected and it
just keeps inflecting. The growth just
keeps getting steeper and steeper and
steeper every day. But you know for the
first few months it wasn't a hit. Uh
people used it but a lot of people
couldn't figure out how to use it. They
didn't know what it was for. The model
still like wasn't very good. Co-work
when we released it was just immediately
a hit much more so than cloud code was
early on. I think a lot of the credit
honestly just goes to like Felix and and
Sam and the and Jenny and the the team
that built this. It's just an incredibly
strong team. And again, the the place co
came from is just this latent demand.
Like we saw people using quad code for
these non-technical things and we're
trying to figure out what do we do? And
so for a few months the team was
exploring they were trying all sorts of
different options and in the end someone
was just like okay what what if we just
take quad code and put it in the desktop
app and that's essentially the thing
that worked. And so over 10 days they
just completely use quad code to build
it. Uh and you know co-work is actually
there's this very sophisticated security
system that's that's built in and
essentially these guard rails to make
sure that the model kind of does the
right thing. It doesn't go off the
rails. So for example we ship an entire
virtual machine with it. And quad code
just wrote all of this code. So we just
had to think about all right how do we
make this a little bit safer a little
more self-guided for uh people that are
not engineers. It was fully implemented
with quad code. took about 10 days. We
launched it early. You know, it was
still pretty rough and it's still pretty
rough around the edges. But this is kind
of the way that we learn um both on the
product side and on the safety side is
we have to release things a little bit
earlier than we think so that we can get
the feedback so that we can talk to
users. We can understand what people
want and and that will shape where the
product goes in the future.
>> Yeah, I think that point is so
interesting and and it's so unique.
There's always been this idea release
early, learn from users, get feedback,
iterate. The fact that it's hard to even
know what the AI is capable of and how
people will try to use it is like is a
unique reason to start releasing things
early that'll help you as you exactly
describe this idea of what is the latent
demand in this thing that we didn't
really know. Let's put it out there and
see what people do with it.
>> Yeah. And in philanthropic as a safety
lab, the other dimension of that is
safety because um you know like when you
think about model safety, there's a
bunch of different ways to study it.
Sort of the lowest level is alignment
and mechanistic interpretability. So
this is when we train the model, we want
to make sure that it's safe. We at this
point have like pretty sophisticated
technology to understand what's
happening in the neurons to trace it.
And so for example like if there's a
neuron related to deception we can start
we're starting to get to the point where
we can monitor it and understand that
it's activating. Um and so this is just
this is alignment this is mechanistic
interpretability. It's like the lowest
layer. The second layer is evolves and
this is essentially a laboratory
setting. The model is in a petri dish
and you study it and you put in a
synthetic situation and just say okay
like model what do you do and are you
doing the right thing? Is it aligned? Is
it safe? And then the third layer is
seeing how the model behaves in the
wild. And as the model gets more
sophisticated, this this becomes so
important because it might look very
good on these first two layers but not
great on the third one. We released
cloud code really early because we
wanted to study safety and we actually
used it within anthropic for I think
four or 5 months or something before we
released it because we weren't really
sure like this is the first agent that
you know the first big agent that I
think folks had released at that point.
um it was definitely the first uh you
know coding agent that became broadly
used and so we weren't sure if it was
safe and so we actually had to study it
internally for a long time before we
felt good about that and even since you
know there's a lot that we've learned
about alignment there's a lot that we've
learned about safety that we've been
able to put back into the model back
into the product and for co-work it's
pretty similar uh the model's in this
new setting it's you know doing these
tasks that are not engineering tasks
it's an agent that's acting on your
behalf it looks good on alignment it
looks good on evals we try to internally
it looks good we it with a few
customers, it looks good. Now, we have
to make sure it's safe in the real
world. And so, that's why we release a
little early. That's why we call it a
research preview. Um, but yeah, it's
just it's constantly improving. Um, and
this is really the only way to to make
sure that over the long term the model
is aligned and it's doing the right
things. It's such a wild space that you
work in where there's this insane
competition and pace. At the same time,
there's this fear that if you get some
if the the you know the god can escape
and cause damage and just finding that
balance must be so challenging. What I'm
hearing is there's kind of these three
layers and I know there's like this
could be a whole podcast conversation is
how you all think about the safety piece
but just what I'm hearing is there's
these three layers you work with. Uh
there's kind of like observing the model
thinking and operating. There's tests
eval that tell you this is doing bad
things and then releasing it early. I
haven't actually heard a ton about that
first piece. That is so cool. So you
guys can there's an observability tool
that can let you peek inside the model's
brain and see how it's thinking and
where it's heading. Yeah, you should uh
you should at some point have Chris Ola
on the podcast because uh he he's just
the industry expert on this. He he
invented this field of uh we call it
mechanistic interpretability. Uh and the
the idea is uh you know like at its core
like what is your brain? Like what are
what is it? It's like it's a bunch of
neurons that are connected. And so what
you can do is like in a human brain or
animal brain you can study it at this
kind of mechanistic level to understand
what the neurons are doing. It turns out
surprisingly a lot of this does
translate to models also. So model
neurons are not the same as animal
neurons but they behave similarly in a
lot of ways. And so we've been able to
learn just a ton about the way these
neurons work, about, you know, this
layer or this neuron maps to this
concept, how particular concepts are
encoded, how the model does planning,
how it how it thinks ahead, you know,
like a long time ago, we weren't sure if
the model is just predicting the next
token or is doing something a little bit
deeper. Now, I think there's actually
quite strong evidence that it is doing
something a little bit deeper. And then
the structures that were to do this are
pretty sophisticated now where as the
models get bigger, it's not just like a
single neuron that corresponds to a
concept. A single neuron might
correspond to a dozen concepts. And if
it's activated together with other
neurons, this is called superposition.
And uh together it represents this more
sophisticated concept. And it's just
something we're learning about all the
time, you know, and philanthropic as as
we think about the way this space
evolves,
doing this in a way that is safe and
good for the world is just this is the
reason that we exist and this is the
reason that everyone is at anthropic.
Uh, everyone that is here, this is the
reason why they're here. So, a lot of
this work we actually open source. Uh,
we publish it a lot. Um and you know we
publish very freely to talk about this
just so we can inspire other labs that
are working on similar things to do it
in a way that's safe and this is
something that we've been doing for
cloud code also we call this the race to
the top uh internally and so for cloud
code for example we released an open
source sandbox and this is a sandbox
they can run the the agent in and it
just makes sure that there's certain
boundaries and it can't access like
everything on your system. Uh, and we
made that open source and it actually
works with any agent, not just quad code
because we wanted to make it really easy
for others to do the same thing. Um, so
this is just the same principle of race
to the top. Um, we we want to make sure
this thing goes well and this is just
the this is the lever that we have.
>> Incredible. Okay, I definitely want to
spend more time on that. I I will follow
up with this suggestion. Something else
that I've been noticing in the in the
field across engineers, product
managers, others that work with agents
is there's this kind of anxiety people
feel when their agents aren't working.
There's a sense that like, oh man, Nza
has a question, I need to answer or it's
like blocked on something or it's or I
just like I I'm like there's all this
productivity I'm losing. I can't like I
need to wake up and get it going again.
Is that something you feel? Is that
something your team feels? Do you feel
like this is a a problem we need to
track and think about? I always have a
bunch of agents running. So like at the
moment I have like five agents running
and at any moment like you know like I I
wake up and I I stored a bunch of
agents. Like the first thing I did when
I woke up is like oh man I I want I
really want to check this thing. So like
I opened up my phone quad iOS app code
tab uh you know like agent do do blah
blah blah cuz I I wrote some code
yesterday and I was like wait did did I
do this right? I was like kind of double
double guessing something and it and it
was correct. But now it's just like so
easy to do this. So I don't know, there
is this little bit of anxiety. Maybe I
personally haven't really felt it just
cuz I have agents running all the time.
Um, and I'm also just like not locked
into a terminal anymore. Maybe a third
of my code now is in the terminal, but
also a third is uh using the desktop app
and then a third is the iOS app, which
is just so surprising cuz I did not
think that this would be the way that I
code uh in even in 2026. I love that you
describe it as coding still, which is
just talking to the to cloud code to
code for you essentially. And it's
interesting that this is now like this
is now coding. Coding now is describing
what you want, not writing actual code.
>> I I I kind of wonder if uh the people
that used to code using punch cards or
whatever, if you show them software,
what they would have said. Isn't that
crazy? And I I remember reading
something this was maybe like very early
versions of like ACM uh like like
magazine or something where people were
saying no it's not the same thing like
this isn't this isn't really coding uh
and you know like they called it
programming I think coding is kind of a
new word
>> but I kind of think about this like in
the back in the you know my family is
from the Soviet Union I you know I I was
born in Ukraine um and my grandpa was
actually one of the first programmers in
the Soviet Union and he programmed using
punch cards And uh you know like he he
told my mom uh growing up told these
stories of like or she she told these
stories that when she was growing up he
would bring these punch cards home and
there was these like big stacks of punch
cards and for her she would like draw
all over them with crayons and that was
like her childhood memory but for him
that was like his experience of
programming and he actually never saw
the software transition but at some
point it did transition to software and
I think there's probably this older
generation of programmers that just
didn't take software very seriously and
they would have been like well you know
it's not really coding.
But I I think this is a field that just
has always been changing in this way.
>> Uh I don't think you know this, but I
was born in Ukraine also.
>> Oh, I don't know. Yeah. Which time?
>> I'm I'm from Odessa.
>> Oh, me too.
>> What?
>> Yeah, that's crazy.
>> Wow. Incredible. What a moment. Uh maybe
related in some small way.
>> Uh what year did your home did you leave
and your family leave?
>> Uh we came in 95.
>> Okay. We left in ' 88. a little earlier.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What a different life that would have
been to not to not leave, huh?
>> Yeah. I just I feel I feel so lucky
every day that uh get get to grow up
here.
>> Yeah. My family anytime there's like a
toaster or a meal, they're just like to
America.
It's like, okay, enough about that. But
you get it, you know, once you start
really thinking about what life could
have been.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. We do we do
the same toast, but it's still vodka.
>> It's still vodka. Absolutely.
Oh, man. Okay. Let me ask you a couple
more things here. You shared some really
cool tips for how to get the most out of
AI, how to build on AI, how to build
great products on AI. One tip you shared
is give your team as many tokens as they
want. Just like let them experiment. You
also shared just advice generally of
just build towards the model where the
model is going, not to where it is
today. What other advice do you have for
folks that are trying to build AI
products?
>> I'd probably share a few more things.
So, one is don't try to box the model
in. Um I I think a lot of people's
instinct when they build on the model is
they try to make it behave a very
particular way. They're like this is a
component of a bigger system. I I think
some examples of this are people
layering like very strict workflows on
the model for example you know to say
like you must do step one then step two
then step three and you have this like
very fancy orchestrator doing this. But
actually almost always you get better
results if you just give the model tools
you give it a goal and you let it figure
it out. I think a year ago you actually
needed a lot of the scaffolding but
nowadays you don't really need it. So,
you know, I I don't know what to call
this principle, but it's like, you know,
like ask not what the model can do for
you. Maybe maybe it's something like
this. Just think about how do you give
the model the tools to do things. Don't
try to overcurate it. Don't try to put
it into a box. Don't try to give it a
bunch of context up front. Give it a
tool so that it can get the context it
needs. You're just going to get better
results.
I think a second one is um maybe
actually like a a more even more general
version of this principle is just the
bitter lesson.
Uh and actually for the quad code team
we have a you know hopefully hopefully
um listeners have have read this but
Rich Sutton had this blog post maybe 10
years ago called the bitter lesson. Uh
and it's actually a really simple idea.
His idea was that the more general model
will always outperform the more specific
model and I think for him he was talking
about like self-driving cars and other
domains like this but actually there's
just so many corlaries to the bitter
lesson. And for me, the biggest one is
just always bet on the more general
model and you know over the long term
like don't don't try to use tiny models
for stuff. Don't try to like fine-tune.
Don't try to do any of this stuff.
There's like some applications you know
there's some reasons to do this but
almost always try to bet on the more
general model if you can if you have
that flexibility.
Um and so these workflows are
essentially a way that uh you know it's
it's not it's not a general model. It's
putting the scaffolding around it. And
in general what we see is maybe
scaffolding can improve performance
maybe 10 20% something like this but
often these gains just get wiped out
with the next model. Uh so it's almost
better to just wait for the next one.
And I think maybe this is a final
principle and something that quad code I
think got right in hindsight. From the
very beginning, we bet on building for
the model six months from now, not for
the model of today.
And for the very early versions of the
product, it just wrote so little of my
code cuz I I didn't trust it cuz, you
know, it was like sonnet 3.5, then it
was like 3.6 or forget 3 3.5 new,
whatever whatever whatever name we gave
it. Um, these models just weren't very
good at coding yet. Um, they were they
were getting there, but it was still
pretty early. So back then the model did
uh you used git for me it automated some
things but it it really wasn't doing a
huge amount of my coding and so the bet
with quad code was at some point the
model gets good enough that it can just
write a lot of the code and this is a
thing that we first started seeing with
opus 4 and sonnet 4 and opus 4 was our
first kind of ASL3 class model uh that
we released back in May and we just saw
this inflection because everyone started
to use quad code for the first time and
that was kind of when our growth really
went exponential and like I said it's
kind of it stayed there. So I think this
is some this is advice that I actually
give to to a lot of folks especially
people building startups. It's going to
be uncomfortable cuz your product market
fit won't be very good for the first 6
months but if you build for the model 6
months out when that model comes out
you're just going to hit the ground
running and the product is going to
click and and start to work. And when
you say build for the model 6 months out
what is what is it that you think people
can assume will happen? Is it just
generally it will get better at things?
Is it just like okay, it's like almost
good enough and that's a sign that it'll
probably get better at that thing. Is
there any advice there?
>> I think that's a good way to do it.
Like, you know, obviously within an AI
lab, we get to see the specific ways
that it gets better.
>> So, it's a it's a little unfair, but we
we also we try to talk about this. So,
you know, like one of the ways that it's
going to get better is it's going to get
better and better at using tools and
using computers.
This is a bet that I would make. Uh,
another one is it's going to get better
and better for long for running for long
periods of time. And this is a place,
you know, like there's all sorts of
studies about this, but if you just
trace the trajectory or, you know, maybe
even like for my own experience when I
used Sonnet 3.5 back, you know, a year
ago, it could run for maybe 15 or 30
seconds before before it started going
off the rails and you just really had to
hold its hand through any kind of
complicated task. But nowadays with Opus
4.6, fix, you know, on average it'll run
maybe 10, 30, 20, 30 minutes unattended
and I'll just like start another quad
and have it do something else. And you
know, like I said, I always have a bunch
of quads running. Uh, and they can also
run for hours or even days at a time. I
think there are some examples where they
ran for many weeks. And so I think over
time this is going to become more and
more normal where the models are running
for a very very long period of time and
you you don't have to sit there and
babysit them anymore.
>> So we just talked about tips for
building AI products. Any tips for
someone just using cloud code say for
the first time or just someone already
using cloud code that wants to get
better? What are like a couple pro tips
that you could share?
>> I will give a caveat which is there's no
one right way to use quad code. So I I
can share some tips but honestly this is
a dev tool. Developers are all
different. Developers have different
preferences. They have different
environments. So there's just so many
ways to use these tools. There's no one
right way. Um you you sort of have to
find your own path. Luckily you can ask
Quad Code. Uh it's able to make
recommendations. It can edit your
settings. It kind of knows about itself.
So, it can help it can help with that. A
few tips that generally I find pretty
useful. So, number one is just use the
most capable model. Um, currently that's
Opus 4.6. I have maximum effort enabled
always. The thing that happens is
sometimes people try to use a less
expensive model like sonnet or something
like this. But because it's less
intelligent, it actually takes more
tokens in the end to do the same task.
Um, and so it's actually not obvious
that it's cheaper if you use a less
expensive model. often it's actually
cheaper and less token intensive if you
use the most capable model because it
can just do the same thing much faster
with less correction, less uh less
handholding and so on. So that's the
first tip is just use the best model.
The second one is use plan mode. I start
almost all of my tasks in plan mode,
maybe like 80%. And plan mode is
actually really simple. All it is is we
inject one sentence into the model's
prompt to say please don't write any
code yet. That's it. like there's
there's actually like nothing fancy
going on. It's just the simplest thing.
>> Um, and so for people that are in the
terminal, it's just shift tab twice and
that gets you into plan mode. Uh, for
people in the desktop app, there's a
little button. On web, there's a little
button. It's coming pretty soon to
mobile also. Uh, and we just launched it
for the SWAC integration, too. Uh, so
plan mode is the second one. And uh,
essentially the model would just go back
and forth with you. Once the plan looks
good, then you let the model execute. I
auto accept edits after that because if
the plan looks good, it's just going to
oneshot it. It'll get it right the first
time almost every time with Opus 4.6.
And then maybe the third tip is just
play around with different interfaces. I
think a lot of people when they think
about cloud code, they think about a
terminal. Um, and you know, of course,
we support every terminal. We support
like Mac, Windows, you know, like
whatever terminal you might use, it
works perfectly. But we actually support
a lot of other form factors too like you
know, we have like iOS and Android apps.
We have a desktop app. There's uh you
know the Slack integration. There's all
sorts of things that we support. So I
would just like play around with these.
And again it's like every engineer is
different. Everyone that's building is
different. Just find the thing that
feels right to you and and use that. You
don't have to use a terminal. It's the
same quad agent running everywhere.
>> Amazing. Okay. Just a couple more
questions to round things out. What's
your take on Codeex? How do you feel
about that product? How do you feel
about where they're going? Just kind of
competing in this very competitive space
uh in coding agents. Yeah, I actually
haven't really used it, but uh I I think
I did use it maybe when it came out. It
looked a lot like Quad Code to me, so
that was kind of flattering. It's I
think it's actually good, you know, to
have more competition cuz people should
get to choose and hopefully it forces
all of us to like do a even better job.
Honestly, for our team though, we're
just focused on solving the problems
that users have. Um so for us, you know,
we don't spend a lot of time looking at
competing products. We don't really try
the other products. I you know you kind
of you want to be aware of them. You
want to know they exist but for me I
just I love talking to users. I love
making the product better. Um I I love
just acting on on feedback. So it's
really just about building a building a
good product.
>> Maybe a last question. So I talked to
Ben man co-founder of Anthropic. What
what to talk to you about. He had a
bunch of suggestions which I've
integrated throughout our chat. One
question he had for you is what's your
plan post AGI?
What do you think you're going to be
doing? What's your life like once we hit
AGI? whatever that means.
>> So before I joined Anthropic, um I was
actually living in rural Japan and it
was like a totally different lifestyle.
Um I was like the only engineer in the
town. I was the only English speaker in
the town. It was just like a totally
different vibe. Like a couple times a
week I would like bike to the farmers
market. Uh and you know you like bike by
like rice patties and stuff. It was just
like a totally different speed than just
complete opposite of San Francisco. One
of the things that I really liked is a
way that we got to know our neighbors
and we kind of built friendships is by
trading like pickles.
So in that in the town where we lived,
it was actually like everyone made like
miso. Everyone made pickles. Uh and so I
actually got like decently good at
making miso. Um and you know I made a
bunch of batches and um this is
something that I still make. Uh miso is
this interesting thing where it teaches
you to think on these longtime skills.
That's just very different than
engineering cuz like uh you know like a
batch of white miso takes like at least
three months to make and a red miso is
like you know 2 3 4 years. You just have
to be very patient. You kind of mix it
up and then you just like wet it sit.
You have to be very very patient.
>> So I the thing that I love about it is
just thinking in these longtime skills.
Uh, and yeah, I think postGI or if I
wasn't at anthropic, I'd probably be
making miso.
>> I love this answer. Uh, Ben asked me to
ask you about what's the deal with you
and miso and so I love that you answered
it. Okay, so the future the future might
be just going deep into miso, getting
really good at get making miso. Uh,
amazing. Uh, Boris, this was incredible.
I feel like we're we're brothers now
from Ukraine. Uh before we get to a very
exciting lightning round, is there
anything else that you wanted to share?
Is there anything you want to leave
listeners with? Anything you want uh you
want to double down on?
>> Yeah, I I think I would just like
underscore, you know, like for for
anthropic since the beginning, this idea
of like starting at coding, then getting
to tool use, then getting to computer
use has just been the way that we think
about things. And we this is the way
that we know the models are going to
develop or, you know, the way that we
want to build our models. And it's also
the way that we get to learn about
safety, study it, and improve it the
most. So, you know, everything that's
happening right now around, you know,
just like Quad Code becoming this huge,
you know, multi-billion dollar business
and, you know, like now all of my
friends use Quad Code and they just text
me about it all the time. Uh, so just
like, you know, this thing getting kind
of big and in some ways it's a total
surprise because this isn't kind of the
we didn't know that it would be this
product. We didn't know that it would
start in a terminal or anything like
this. But in some ways, it's just
totally unsurprising because this has
been our belief as a company for for a
long time. At the same time, it just
feels still very early, you know, like
most of the world still does not use
quad code. Most of the world still does
not use AI. So, it just feels like this
is 1% done and there's so much more to
go.
>> Yeah. Man, that's insane to think seeing
the numbers that are coming out. You
guys just raised a bazillion dollars. Uh
I think Cloud Code alone is making$2
billion dollars in revenue. you think
Anthropic, I think the number you guys
put out, you're making 15 billion in
revenue. It's uh insane to just think
this is how early it still is and just
the numbers we're seeing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. And and I
mean like the the way that Quad Code has
kept growing is honestly just the users.
Like we so many people use it. They're
so passionate about it. They fall in
love with the product and then they tell
us about stuff that doesn't work, stuff
that they want. And so like the only
reason that it keeps improving is
because everyone is using it. Everyone
is talking about it. Everyone keeps
giving feedback and this is just the
single most important thing and you know
for me this is the way that I love to
spend my day is just talking to users
and making it better for them
>> and making me so
>> and making me so well the you know the
miso is like not super involved it just
you just got to wait you just got to
wait
>> well Boris with that we've reached our
very exciting lightning round I've got
five questions for you are you ready
>> let's do it first question what are two
or three books that you find yourself
recommending most to other people
>> I I'm a greeter. Uh I would start with
the technical book one is it it is
functional programming in Scola. This is
the single best technical book I've ever
read. It's very weird because you're
probably not going to use Scola and I
don't know how much this matters in the
future now but there's this just
elegance to functional programming and
thinking in types and this is just the
way that I code and the way that I can't
stop thinking about coding. So you know
you could think of it as a historical
artifact. You could think of it as
something that will level you up.
>> I love this neverbeforementioned book.
My favorite.
>> Oh, amazing. Amazing. Uh, okay. Second
one is uh Accelerondo by Straws. This is
probably, you know, like my my big genre
is uh is sci-fi. Uh like probably sci-fi
and fiction. Accelerondo is just this
incredible book and it it it's just so
fast-paced. The pace gets faster and
faster and faster. And I just feel like
it captures the essence of this moment
that we're in more than any other book
that I've read. Just the speed of it.
And it starts as a liftoff is starting
to happen and you know starting to
approach the singularity and it ends
with like this like collective lobster
consciousness orbiting Jupiter. Um and
you know this happens over like the span
of a few decades or something. So the
the pace is just incredible. I I really
love it. Maybe I'll I'll do one more
book. Uh the wandering earth uh
wandering earth by uh sishlu. So he's
the guy that did uh three body problem.
I think a lot of people know him for
that. I actually I think your body
problem was awesome, but I actually
liked his short stories even more. So,
Wandering Earth is one of the short
story collections and it just has some
really really amazing stories and it
it's also just quite interesting to see
uh Chinese sci-fi because it has a very
different perspective than Western
sci-fi and kind of the way that um at
least he as a writer thinks about it.
So, it's just really really interesting
to read and just beautifully written.
It's so interesting how sci-fi has
prepared us to think about where things
are going. Just like it creates these
mounts to models of like okay I see I've
read about this sort of world. Yeah. I
think I think for me this is like the
reason that I joined anthropic actually
cuz uh you know like like I said I was
living in this rural place. I was
thinking these longtime skills because
everything is just so slow out there at
least compared to SF. Um and just like
all the things that you do are based
around the seasons and it's based around
this food that takes many many months.
That's the way that kind of like social
events are organized. That's the way you
kind of organize your time. You like you
go to the farmers market and it's like
it's pimmen season and you know that
because there's like 20 pimmen vendors
and then the next week the season is
done and it's like grape season and you
kind of see this. So it's like these
kind of longtime skills and I was also
reading a bunch of sci-fi at the time
and just like being in this moment I was
like you know just thinking about these
long time scales. I know how this thing
can go and I just I felt like I had to
contribute to it going a little bit
better and that's actually why I ended
up at Ant and Ben man was also a big
part of that too.
>> I feel like I want to do a whole podcast
just talking about your time in Japan
and the journey of Boris through Japan
to anthropic but we'll keep it we'll
keep it short. Uh I'll quickly recommend
a sci-fi book to you if you haven't read
it. Have you read Fire Upon the Deep?
>> Uh this is Ving, right? Yeah. It's
great.
>> Yes. Okay. That one's like it's like so
interesting from a AI AGI perspective.
Uh so few people have read that so um I
myself
>> Yeah. It's like a lot.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like Deepness in the
Sky also. I think those sequels, right?
Or
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so.
>> Yeah. It's very long and like complex to
get into but so good. Okay. We'll keep
going through a lightning round. Uh do
you have a favorite recent movie or TV
show you really enjoyed?
>> So, I actually don't really watch TV or
movies. I just don't really have time
these days. Um, I did watch I I I'm
going to bring up another sishloo, but
the three body problem series on Netflix
I I really loved. Um, I thought that was
like a great rendition of the book
series.
>> So, the common pattern across uh AI
leaders is no time to watch TV or
movies, which I completely understand.
Uh, is there a favorite product you've
recently discovered that you really
love?
>> I'm going to like chill a little bit and
just say co-work cuz this is
legitimately the the one product that's
been pretty life-changing for me. uh
just because I I have it running all the
time and uh the the Chrome integration
in particular is just really excellent.
Uh so it's been like it paid a traffic
fine for me. It like canceled a couple
subscriptions for me. Uh just like the
amount of like tedious work it gets out
of the way is awesome. I I also don't
know if it's a product, but maybe I'll
I'll uh also another podcast that I
really love obviously besides uh besides
Venny is
>> obviously
>> Yeah, it's uh it's the acquired uh
podcast by Ben Ben and David.
>> Uh it's it's just like super it's super
awesome. Um, I feel like the way that
they get into like business history and
bring it alive is is really really good.
And I would start with a Nintendo
episode if uh if you haven't listened to
it.
>> Great tip uh with co-work just so people
understand if they haven't tried this
like basically you type something you
want to get done and it can launch
Chrome and just do things for you. I saw
one of the someone went on pat leave
from anthropic and he had it fill out
these like medical forms for him. these
like really annoying PDFs where it just
like loads up the browser, logs in,
fills them out, and bits them.
>> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And and it
actually just kind of works. Like we
tried this experiment like a year ago
and it didn't really work cuz the model
wasn't ready, but now now it actually
just works. And it's amazing. I think a
lot of people just don't really
understand what this is because they
haven't used agent before. And it it
just feels very very similar to me to
quad code a year ago. Um but like I
said, it's just growing much faster than
quad code did in the early days. So, I
think it's starting to it's starting to
break through a bit.
>> And there's also this Chrome extension
that you mentioned that you could just
use stand alone that sits in Chrome and
you could just talk to Claude uh looking
at your screen at your browser and have
it do stuff, have it tell you about what
you're looking at, summarize what you're
looking at, things like that.
>> Exactly. Exactly. For for people that
are like just starting to use co-work,
the thing I recommend is so you download
the Quad Desktop app, you go to the
co-work tab. It's right next to the code
tab. Um the thing that I recommend doing
is like start by having it use a tool.
So like clean up your desktop or like
summarize your email or something like
this or you know like respond to the top
three emails like it actually just
responds to emails for me now too. The
second thing is connect tools. So like
if you connect like if you say look at
my top emails and then send slack
messages or you know like put them in a
spreadsheet or something or for example
like I use it for all my project
management. So we have a single
spreadsheet for the whole team. there's
like a row per engineer. Every week
everyone fills out a status and every
Monday co-work just goes through and it
messages every engineer on Slack that
hasn't filled out their status and so I
don't have to do this anymore. And this
is just one prompt. It'll do everything.
And then the third thing is just run a
bunch of quads in parallel. So we can
co-work you can have as many tasks
running as you want. So it's like start
one task, you know, I have this project
management thing running, then I'll have
it do something else, then something
else and I'll kick these off and then I
just go get a coffee while it runs.
There's a post I'll link to that shares
a bunch of ways people use uh what was
previously cloud code and now just you
could do through code work because a lot
of this is just like oh wow I hadn't
thought I could use it for that and once
you see like these examples I think are
what people need to hear of just like oh
wow I didn't know I could do that
>> so
>> yeah I think a lot of this was also
>> some of this was also inspired by you
any
>> you you had this post about uh it was
like 50 non-technical use cases for
quote or something like this
>> so we actually one of our PMs used that
as a way to evaluate co-work before we
released it. Um, and I think at the
point where we hit where Coowork was
able to do like 48 out of the 50, they
were like, "Okay, it's pretty good."
>> Wow. I did not know that. That is
awesome. Uh, it's I've become an eval.
>> Yeah. How does that feel?
>> Amazing.
I feel like I'm valuable to the future
of AI.
>> This is like reverse breaking through.
>> Wow, that is so cool. Wow. Okay. I
wonder what those last two are. Anyway,
okay, two more questions. Um, do you
have a favorite life motto that you
often come back to in work or in life?
>> Use common sense.
I think a lot of the failures that I see
in especially in a work environment is
people just failing to use common sense.
Like they follow a process without
thinking about it. Um, they just do a
thing without thinking about it or
they're working on a product that's like
not a good product or not a good idea
and they're just following the momentum
and not thinking about it. I think the
best results that I see are people
thinking from first principles and just
developing their own common sense. Like
if something smells weird, then you know
it's probably not a good idea. So I
think I think just this this is the
single advice that I give, you know, to
co-workers more more than anything too.
And
>> I feel like that alone could be its own
podcast conversation. What is common
sense? How do you build? But we'll keep
this short. Uh final question. Uh so
you've been got more active on Twitterx.
I'm curious just uh why and just what's
your experience been with with Twitter,
the world of Twitter? Uh because you get
a lot of engagement on on Twitterx.
>> So for a long time I used Threads
exclusively because I actually helped
build threads a little bit back in the
day. Um and I also just like the design.
It's like a very clean product. I I just
really like that.
>> I started using Threads cuz actually I
was bored. Um so in in December I was in
Europe.
>> You started using Twitter, you mean?
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I started I started
using uh Twitter because I was bored. So
my my wife and I were uh we were
traveling around in in Europe for
December. We're just kind of nomading
around. We went to like Copenhagen, went
to like a few different countries. Um
and for me it was just like a coding
vacation. So every day I was coding and
that's like my favorite kind of vacation
just to just like code all day. It's the
best. And at some point I just kind of
got bored and like I ran out of ideas
for you know like a few hours. I was
like okay what do I want to do next? And
so I opened Twitter. I saw some people
like tweeting about quad code and then I
just started responding and then I was
like okay maybe actually I think I
should do is just like look for people
look for bugs that people have maybe
people have like bugs or kind of
feedback they have and so kind of
introduce myself ask for if people had a
bunch of bugs and feedback and I think
they were kind of surprised by like the
pace at which we're able to address
feedback nowadays. Um, for me it's just
like so normal like if someone has a bug
like I can probably fix it within a few
minutes because I just sort of quad and
as long as the description is good it'll
just go and do it and then I'll I'll go
do something else and answer the next
thing. But I think for a lot of people
was pretty surprising. So that was
really cool and yeah the experience on
Twitter has been pretty great. It's it's
been awesome just engaging with people
and seeing what people want uh hearing
hearing about bugs, hearing about
features. I saw complaints to Nikita
Beer the other day on Twitter of just
you they're like posting many threads
and it was breaking and just like oh man
what's going on here.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There there was a bug.
I hope it's fixed now. Amazing. Oh man,
Boris, I could chat with you for hours.
Uh I'll let you go. Thank you so much
for doing this. Uh you're wonderful. Um
where can folks find you online? How can
listeners be useful to you?
>> Yeah, find me on threads or on Twitter.
That's the that's the easiest place. And
please just tag me on stuff. Um, send
bugs, send feature requests, what's
missing, what can we do to make the
products better? What do you like? What
do you want? Um, I I love love hearing
it.
>> Amazing. Boris, thank you so much for
being here.
>> Cool. Thanks, Funny.
>> Bye, everyone.
>> Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.